Docs 5941 mmp cloudhub v4.2 (#1014)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/package-a-mule-application.adoc

The plugin packages your application and creates the deployable JAR file into the target directory within your project's folder. +

== Create an Application Package to Import into Anypoint Studio

> To generate a JAR file that can be imported into Anypoint Studio, you need to package your application using the `-DattachMuleSources` parameter to include source files and metadata that Studio requires to re-import the deployable file as an open Mule project into your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a JAR file that can be imported into Anypoint Studio, you must package your application using the `-DattachMuleSources` parameter to include source files and metadata that Studio requires to reimport the deployable file as an open Mule project into your workspace.
```
